[Music] You're
not going to tell your
classmates anything.  Well, today
this clip went viral, right? eh? From the
Quicky channel of the show
Tentáculos, Carlota Corredera's show
, in which Kiko Hernández is
chasing and bothering Raquel Boyo
and Raquel Boyo takes her cell phone and starts
recording him.  Ah, it's a selfie.  Hello, hello
Raquel.  I want to go out too.  Well,
Carlota sent us a message for
you saying that she values ​​you very much as a
collaborator.  But I don't understand why he's
recording it.  I mean, that I
mean, if they are recording
themselves, right?  What are you recording
anything for?  Although you haven't spoken for a long time
, huh?  That he has a lot of respect for you.
Thank you.  Okay, but Raquel Boyo then ended up on
bad terms with the
entire Sálvame team, that is, with
everyone.  Hey, things have improved
in T5, haven't they?  Because now they put your
suitcase in the trunk, you already have everything, right?   They
already do everything to you.  Raquel, are you
happy at Teleco now?  Do you want me to
bring you something?  Thanks also to the partner.
Why don't you just record me?
Raquel, we were talking with your son.
It's a close-up.  Talking to your son
the other day.  Very good.
Raquel, where are you going for Easter,
Raquel?  Where are you going?  To Seville?  To the
beach?  Where are you going?  Do you see us in
tentacles?  Raquel, this is Carlota
sliding.  There are many companions.
We are doing.  Look, I
think it's fine not to answer him, but
recording him, I mean, what does that mean?  What do
you mean by recording it?
My niece was 4 days old when we
went to the beach with her, there under the
pine trees, nothing happened to her.  Which beach have you been
to?  For God's sake, Dolores, there are pine trees on
the beach where you go, Dolores, really, you
're always making fun of us.
Famous, because we're saying, ma'am,
ma'am, how do you see Isabel Pantoja?  Let's
see if it doesn't taste like that.  Isabel Isabelita,
look, if you give exclusives and sell
exclusives about your life and give interviews
and all that stuff, the press will
follow you.  In the end, Kiko Hernández, as much as he
is a Kiko Hernández, is doing what
all the reporters
on the street do, okay?  This is so, there
are many times when I don't
understand things, but that's what they have to
do, okay?  And ask and
ask and ask and ask and
pin, you know?  Even if you know they're not going
to answer you, but look, this video comes up
without them answering you.  The thing is that I
don't understand
Raquel Bollo's position here, so don't
answer, okay?  Just don't answer
.  He's not asking you a
question either, you don't know, don't answer and that's it.
But recording,
why?  Recording for what?
nor that they had committed a crime
against you.  Rivera said.  He is Gonzalo.   You
waved like that to me yesterday, do you
remember?  You waved when you were in the
hotel van.  After 20 years of
working together, Raquel no longer
speaks to us.  Now he's recording
all of you, all of you.  This is what
happens when you're on TV, because the
press doesn't follow it, right?  Suddenly
the press has become angry.  She's angry.
One thing, do you know that the press that is
here are also the ones that go
when you present something?  Very
good, very good.  Host.
Holy [ __ ], did you hear what
DG3 told him?  He says, "The press isn't following,
right? They're angry. What's wrong with you
with the press all of a sudden? The press is
angry. One thing, do you know that in the
press we're here, we're also
the ones who go when you present
something, Muy? Do you know that in the press we
're here, we're also the ones who go
when you present
something? You know, right? Fine, very fine.
There, there, G3 colleague. Today is
Wednesday. Today is Wednesday, Raquel. It's
a very uncomfortable situation. A
very uncomfortable situation, Raquel. I don't
like it like this with all the
support we've given you, helped you, with all the
programs we've done. Seriously,
put a filter on me later, okay? Don't
filter the white light to me with that face
, okay? Let's see if she'll talk to me.
Look, this is amazing. Look at how much
press Raquel has. Pantoja, Raquel.
How outrageous. Why is she
chasing so many people, right? It's
true. Like Isabel Pantoja.
It's true,  It's true. Like Isabel
Pantoa, right?
Raquel, a kiss, have a good trip, Kiko.  This
is what a reporter has to do.  What
a reporter has to do.
Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow.
We have done our job.
She, what has she done?  The ridiculous.  Now,
what what what need?  Not so much and so much
recording.  If we're going to broadcast it now,
where?  Now for everyone I think
we've resolved this in the
best possible way, right?  And for her
we are going to dedicate a one, two and three.
Lady.
[Music]
But Carlota Corredera's program was not
going to deal with other things, that is,
the problem that Carlota Corredera was not going
to deal with as sexist events and I don't
know what and I don't know how much.  In the end it's
being as it is being as if we
weren't,
right?  It's as if we were.
Every time I see a click here from
Carlota Corredera's show, they're clicks
that say, come on, they're clicks that don't even look like we were there.
[Music]